Add user research summary to design history (#752)
DFE-Digital/bat-design-history: app/posts/find-teacher-training/2022-05-26-making-the-service-more-browseable.md

![Screenshot showing page titled 'Find primary teacher training courses'](primary.png "Prototype new primary courses page")

## User research summary

The team researched this speculative design using a concept testing approach in May 2022, with 9 candidate participants, to gather evidence to decide if investing in a design that better supports a browse experience is worthwhile. Overall, the research findings suggested this design approach could provide a better experience for candidates, especially in presenting useful information in the context of searching for providers and courses to apply to. 

> ### Summary findings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Summary findings
```

> * Candidates responded positively to the new design concepts, all navigating to the results page without issue.
> * Find is definitely a good place to present information that candidates can often miss, as candidates noted this information unprompted and found it useful or new.
> * Most participants had spent time on Get into Teaching, but hadn’t always retained information that would help them in their search.
> * A dominant mental model for candidates is choosing a training provider, rather than choosing a course, this design approach better fits this mental model.
> * There is a need for more clarity for school-led courses and provider type, but this could reinforce existing misconceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Candidates responded positively to the new design concepts, navigating to the results page without issue.
- Find is a good place to present information that candidates can often miss, as candidates noted this information unprompted and found it useful or new.
- Most participants had spent time on Get Into Teaching (GIT) but hadn’t always retained information that would help them in their search.
- A dominant mental model for candidates is choosing a training provider rather than a course. This design approach better fits this mental model.
- There is a need for more clarity for school-led courses and provider types, but this could reinforce existing misconceptions.
```
